everybody welcome acting on land please
binding of issac after earth plus we
didn't win in kind of a lot lately
feels good dude let's do some apollyon
boss rush we posted some Lilith runs
well a Lilith run maybe like a week ago
why 370 0 h9 w so I was thinking about
doing Lilith and my Lilith I people have
tweeted me and I think they're correct I
got like a mental block with Lilith it's
then here's what it is it's a
combination of the fact that the shot
doesn't come directly out of your body
even if it is just slightly askew
combined with the fact that because of
the knock back it's like harder to
adjust that second shot once I can get
over that little hump
we got nothing else to worry about well
that combined with the fact that the
starting item is kind of garbage I am
gonna go for this you know you give me a
regular chest that cost me half a heart
to open if I got half a heart I'm
probably opening it cuz the odds are
well maybe not the odds are the odds are
not bad that you're getting a half
harder a full heart out of it regardless
so oftentimes you will pay for yourself
there instead we ended up getting bombs
and keys which could be you know more
than pay for themselves if we're able to
live long enough to bring them to
fruition so excited oh you know what you
got to suck up a double item room that's
plus two damage a little bit of speeding
a little bit of luck sure we there might
have been proptosis in there for all we
know there might have been some amazing
items but as far as I'm concerned that's
the closest you get to like a no-brainer
especially because I can't remember it
coming back no I might be wrong I was
gonna say on the doubled item rooms you
pick one but I think I'm incorrect I
think on the doubled item rooms you get
both because they're like quite rare so
that ended up being excellent we
probably well it's ugh it's a boss item
that we don't know unless it's a boss
that only gives us one kind of item so
if we fight like famine which we didn't
who is it's a hard boss to it's pretty
bad I'll use my other bomb and just
clear that guy out and I think that
probably paid for more than half of a
heart by itself right there just by
killing this guy before he could do
anything so lucky me we could suck up
the item if we wanted to we can buy a
battery charge and suck up the item but
I'm
gonna first off could be good it was
okay
secondly it would take too much money
away so we wouldn't have a chance to get
our arcade on the next floor which I'd
like to do if possible and we ended up
getting a spirit heart anyway and the
spirit art is gonna be what we want to
protect us from the deal with the devil
you know loss mitigation patrols so we
do have a goal on this mission by the
way let me check the post-it note we
want to well as long as we beat the run
we could do anything have you ever had a
dream that you wanted it to do you so
badly you can do anything but I got to
think about that for a second perthro
not worth using here because we have a
reroll machine I think but we could we
could do Sheol we could do Cathedral
probably it's smarter to do Sheol just
because we haven't accomplished anything
on that track with apollyon yet so we
can kill like three birds with one stone
which at this point I got it what do we
have some kind of magic stone that
ricochets what is this divinity original
sin - an early candidate well actually
its September a candidate for northern
Lions game of the year against all odds
drop it a lot of bombs here but there's
value I think in here plus we got enough
nothing to worry about
um no but I got to think about that item
rumors you probably want to go for the
reroll and then if the reroll machine
breaks there's a couple of different
places where the flowchart ends we got a
good item we take it flowchart breaks
and we get a bad item flowchart breaks
re-roll machine breaks and we get a bad
item then we we think about it a little
bit more I think we could we could suck
it up at that point
it's a tough call because it's not bad
all that was stupid it's not bad to get
the ability to fly here but brother
Bobby's not really worth it so instead I
think we'll go for like a bit of a an
interesting reroll set up here and then
blow this guy up so we got Whore of
Babylon already active we can just snag
this HP we won't have Whore of Babylon
active after that but this is still very
good because it gives us and we'll just
suck that bad boy up right there it's
still very good for us because it gives
us the ability to get it in the future
plus we got humbling bundles so I think
this is a pretty solid pickup so let's
drop a bomb in here it's plunker sad not
bad but not good enough
what is this eyeball tears I have no
idea but we're kind of we're fully
committed now shot speed is like way
slower I'm excited fantastic one makes
you small what can we do with these
tears dude maybe like think they're
damaged up it's weird but much less
likely to get there because of a lack of
shot speed like damage up shot speed way
down but is it even damage up or they
just cosmetic like the tears are
eyeballs
doesn't seem like I can collect them or
anything so I don't know dude wonder if
we sucked up an active effect the last
time but I just haven't learned it yet
because it doesn't give you an
indication I don't think so I think we
got two stats ups
the tears can ricochet off of one
another is this any good okay we did not
get hit cuz I gonna be 100% honest with
you right now kind of seems like trash
ten cents
I mean we could buy a spirit out there
was one for sale I think I'm just not
fully convinced that this isn't garbage
yet I want to try something yeah so we
definitely got two passes last time
let's see if there's a secret room get
enough money potential we just got a
spirit ID directly which is also fine
eleven cents okay no no we still have a
great play here I mean we could also
shoot all that stuff but we do want to
make sure we're making it the boss rush
even though these eyeball tears I really
don't know if I'm missing what the value
of them is or if I'm seeing what the
value of them is and that's the scary
part I would prefer not to blow up our
reroll machine just because it slows us
down oh that's the moneymaker okay so we
grabbed that was there a reroll machine
on the shop no you could probably make a
case for just buying compass honestly so
let's do that okay let's leave then
we're actually fine as a result of
getting that spirit heart it's not like
our battery charge does anything else
like void just does not work for the
situation in the shop that is like it
doesn't allow you to steal the items so
I think we've made some okay decisions
here the worst decision as I see it
right now and I don't want to you know
there's been enough situations where
I've like disparaged an item and then it
turns out that it's actually good I just
didn't understand why it was good until
it was a little bit further along in the
game plan but I sort of don't understand
the value of these yet they they linger
so maybe if you have like a tear effect
or something they got they got some
inherent value there but somewhat
skeptical
they feel lady er can't deny that box of
spiders get sucked up okay so there's
not very good to suck up box of spiders
just because we're never gonna get as
much of a use out of it as we might like
you know once every six rooms getting a
couple of spiders not really that strong
it is very tempting to go for that but
we are on pace still for boss rush that
first like double item room void play
has been 10 out of 10 for us being able
to get a damage upgrade it turns out was
way more important than I had ever
anticipated cuz even our first deal with
the devil it was good but it wasn't a
wasn't a big coup for us from a damage
standpoint we gotta try this I think
even just getting some spirit out so
cool I will say if nothing else it looks
cool see now you got a doing like a Mass
Effect in my head are we better off like
each one of these items has its own
percentage chance and it's the same to
become a good passive so I think with
Seven Keys we want to take Guppies tail
obviously we're gonna re-roll because I
don't even know what the effect of these
shots would be we're gonna re-roll or
rather suck up curse die because it's
just not what we're looking for but
Guppies tail a is a guppy item B we got
a ton of keys so I think it's a sensible
approach for us here yeah yeah yeah
that's the moneymaker okay
and it's I love the booster packs they
always give me something to talk about I
think maybe if you can get like piercing
eyes if the shots stay in the air for a
long time after they hit an enemy then
that's really really good because you
could hit you know a Larry jr. once and
he'll just get roasted over and over
potentially so we got extra luck I'm not
against it the extra shot speed is
actually pretty positive as well if we
we take that as something that's
important for us in order to land these
eyeball shots to begin with such awful
damage there just hold it together
you're doing okay more bombs could
really use a rock tinted pretty much no
matter what it offers it's a positive
right now cause otherwise I'm starting
to have a little trouble seeing us make
boss rush starting to have a little
trouble seeing us make this into a wind
one way or the other to be real with you
oh that was very close
got lucky there I think especially now
and especially with there being like
some champions on this floor on this
room specifically the little frightens
you should go down pretty quickly here
come on come on you got hit with a bomb
to the face I've taken some dumb damage
here but I've also taken a dumb deal
with the devil if I'm being honest in
hindsight that might not have been the
best approach but okay we got our second
secret room it has a charges up void
whenever we go into the boss fight
that's really useful so just don't fear
it's the universal law of Isaac if
you're going up against a boss and your
HP stinks it's probably gonna be Bighorn
that's just the the rule of law in these
parts things are delicate prepare to
fight a boss who's a little bit more on
the annoying side always try to dump a
bomb you know when things are tight here
I always try to make sure he's even
bombs but rarely doesn't seem to work
out if you can get him to eat one though
it takes off like almost all of his HP
all of what remains at least wasn't
gonna land it with that one the fuse was
gonna be too short
good fight okay behind schedule but we
should suck that up you gonna be behind
schedule for boss rush I'm heading down
the next floor despite the fact that
there was a shop could've maybe bought
something I can't remember if there was
a spirit Hardin there we've also found
an arcade right off the bat the arcade
is Isaac's room and an infested infested
pill Isaac's room could be better later
it's got nothing really for us now and
we're up against it man this is a
tighter run than I would have expected
to be plausible I can't help but feel
there's gotta be something about eyeball
tears I'm missing cuz as is it's cool
I'm hip I'm with it I like the idea that
the tears are you know they're physical
they ricochet off of one another instead
of you know you could spam like 20 of
them and they'd all just go in a
straight line however that's like a bad
thing
it almost removes it your effect a tear
of fact I didn't even know we had the
minimized shot speed is also pretty not
good
the only benefit that I see and it's
pretty like you think I'm gonna believe
this but it's pretty suspect is that
conceivably you know maybe you miss with
the shot you might hit that shot no
greed please you might hit that shot as
a result of the eye lingering a little
longer but I don't know if I fully buy
it
I don't even know and your don't don't
hate me because I'm right in this
situation but I don't know if it's worth
sucking up Bob's rotten head there's
almost I consider it kind of a false
idea at least that if you just get
enough good space bar items then the
void all of a sudden becomes like worth
it I sort of disagree I think the real
power the void is in sucking out
passives now mind you we will get an
instantly we fight the boss so there's a
case to be made there I was kind of
hoping we would get we'd get something
to suck up I was also hoping to get a
shop well we haven't been to shopping I
was hoping to get an arcade that maybe
allowed us to play a fortune teller for
example and pick up a little extra HP
that way that bomb getting nobody was
like a catastrophe okay at least he's
done I don't know if we're gonna be able
to make boss rush
all that was very close we still have
amazingly kind of amazingly to me at
least we've preserved our deal with the
devil chance here
we got three luck you know what we need
is like a gimpy pickup
give me a spirit heart from the shop
followed by a gimpy pickup from the deal
with the devil
80% odds I like I take that shot in XCOM
and not lose any sleep over the results
so nothing there please nothing here
that's way more than nothing
this is decidedly something one bomb I
don't know if we've ever gotten more
mileage out of a single bomb than that
though nothing here so we could suck up
the boomerang no thank you a little bit
a little bit of trash there if I'm
leveling with you so we really should go
back and suck up Bob's rotten head and
it is the wrong decision to do what I'm
about to do but let me explain to you
why I'm gonna do it because you might
think that I'm just lazy it's not
laziness every extra second we waste
going back there is a chance to to get
to boss rush that we're throwing away
but beyond that and I mean this very
very clearly and unambiguously we're
never going to use Bob's right and head
to fight a boss if we have to use Bob's
rotten head to fight a boss we're gonna
die anyway
even though we get a chargeback before
the boss fight we're always going to use
that charge to possibly pick up whatever
item the boss has given us but turn it
into a different stamp because Bob's
rotten head is just not good enough to
justify its own existence like as a
spacebar item in our in our pantheon
right here
I blew myself up dude I'll level with
you
I played kind of badly Abed points their
isse Evan are y7l 8y but the eyeball
item if we suck that up I think we're
living life I'm happy we saw it now
maybe we never have to see it again
until we have other tear effects that
enable it but unless I'm that you know
somebody's like hey press the e key when
your eyeballs are on the screen and they
explode like bombs then maybe now we're
talking but apart from that cool
cosmetic effect in terms of mechanics
get that trash out of here I don't want
to see it I don't want to see it anymore
okay give me more stats ups in the pool
I'm the boring guy always ask for more
stats nice a Guppies head now that's an
item worth picking up and then sucking
up instead we just sucked it up look
okay I'm it's my mistake
no question big big Mis play there
should have picked it up and then sucked
it up you might be saying NL after two
thousand hours twenty three hundred and
seventeen to be exact you should know
better and you know what you're right
there's no way I can shirk
responsibility there except to say that
I'm a little out of apollyon practice
specifically and that's why you do these
runs you know you got to get back in
game shape this is a preseason game it
doesn't matter if you lose to for
example the Vegas Golden Knights nine to
four you got to get in game shape we're
just gonna keep ourselves breasts of
available situations here who knows
there could still be a double item room
available for us in fact I'm actually
gonna go fight Larry jr. didn't know it
was Larry jr. until that moment but you
get the idea
because I want to get a charge before we
go to our item room which we are still
gonna do cuz we would be idiots not to
although I do want to get the boss rush
this is not like the speed challenge we
got plenty of time to get the boss rush
all we need to do is get like an early
damage or tears upgrade or something
along those lines we probably shouldn't
have lost the last run and in fact we
probably shouldn't lose any Isaac run
ever within reason
but that one if the wheels came off real
fast
turns out that our half-decent item was
actually garbage so I will almost always
take experimental treatment at this
point in my life it's worth the risk in
my opinion really lowered our luck
raised our rate of fire raised our
damage obviously the big concern here is
the fact that we have zero HP or one HP
rather it's not good I'm going to sit
here and tell you that that's a
fantastic position to be in because it's
just it's an indefensible position
however we're still alive so anything
could happen as I see it we suck up
butter bean which is not even wait what
so it's pretty bad mostly an excuse for
me to use Guppies paw there now I would
love to be able to get a bomb and okay I
would I was gonna say a bomb and a spear
and are from the shop now we only need
to get a bomb there's one bomb give us
enough to actually get over to that
sweet section over there because I think
we might need to and if we need to were
kind of screwed one bomb will not do it
for us so I think we'll just move along
we got enough HP to spawn an arcade on
the next floor enough money to spawn an
arcade on the next floor we would
benefit from spawning an arcade on the
next floor we got six cents yeah let's
move it cuz I like to move it move it I
like to move and move it I like to move
it move it we like to that's where you
say move it now as I go down to the next
floor yeah I'm gonna turn up Mike okay
see a little bit it's getting wicked hot
in this office
it's getting cooler outside but
unfortunately then oftentimes has
negative connotations for for me in this
office because I don't know the the
thermostat like doesn't recognize the
temperature in my room with the door
closed I got this thermometer here's 28
degrees Celsius it's too hot you're
gonna be real stinky by the end of the
day if we continue to live like that
you're gonna drink like 8 liters of
water I actually think that like the
single tier upgrade now makes our damage
on this run better than our damage on
the last run
DPS rather we should probably do other
stuff before we go for this deal with
the devil I'm committed to this run
though it might seem like oh you know
it's the second run he's just gonna you
know throw it once they did it's 25
minutes it's not a kind of guy I am I'm
offended that you'd even suggested me
you know what I think that says a lot
about your view of the world if you
think that you know I would relatively
grift you like that that's not my
intention it's not the kind of person I
am I'm in it to win it on this one we
got to think about this like Tammy's
head I I'm I'm an int character when it
comes to Isaac which I know sounds
ridiculous given some of the decisions
I've made
but I'm what I mean by that is I'm not
interested in sucking up Tammy's head
and then using a Pollyanna
to just do like a lot of damage to
enemies when we enter a room so do we
really want to suck up Tammy's head in
spite of what I just said I think the
answer is probably yes however we're
probably so dumb probably only gonna
have one charge available so we should
think about it mighty closely before we
mighty carefully I should say before we
go through with it
got item room we're about to get a
charge so we're gonna have a lot of
different options here I think if we get
a bad passive or a great active we
probably suck it up here instead and
we're looking for the kind of actives
that normally would only be used like
once every six rooms anyway oh I think
you gotta suck that up it's just
substantially garbage so we managed to
make that work kind of surprisingly we
have no this is an ideal arcade we have
no luck but we're gonna try to get some
wins here regardless this is a spirit
art is big but I to be honest with you I
want red hearts there we go that's a big
one
why is the red heart important because
we can play these guys two times don't
necessarily expect the odds to work out
in our favor that much but we
essentially paid 16 cents for a red or a
spirit heart so I'm gonna throw away a
little bit of that money here let me
save the rest for a potential shop
situation I think we suck up GB bug
give us another damage upgrade which I'm
quite happy with so I mean we should
theoretically go to the curse room
because I'm a little bit of an idiot and
ruin my guppy chances earlier hmm an
empress card no battery charge I kind of
want to finesse a battery charge into
existence there we go it's got a spirit
art out of it dude buy up as far as I'm
concerned this now allows it to us to
suck up Guppies head sorry Tammy's head
if we want we're so far behind schedule
boss let's get a move on here or
we can suck up whatever's from this boss
or the deal with the devil and again I'm
trying to stack up stats ideally I think
that's the true power of void is sucking
up stats if you can get great high value
actives that's cool too that's worth it
no questions so creative fires in a very
good spot
you know what Congrats it's a deal with
the angel run let's get ready to fight
mega Satan I'm ready admittedly the
horsemen of the apocalypse are little
harbingers or whatever it's called is
actually quite good but it's not for us
on this one and look at that we also
just got another damage upgrade so our
stats are kind of trucking out of
control here all we got to do is make
sure our HP holds strong and we could
have taken mr. mega mr. mega great item
but is it as good as getting a damage
upgrade no but it's probably better than
getting a shot speed upgrade which is
the other alternative that we you know
could have gotten by pressing the
spacebar there so we took a chance and
we got lucky I think but now our our
damage is our DPS rather is out of
control I mean our damage is really good
as well so it's all paying dividends we
started out really slowly here but the
idea is that maybe by the time we get to
you know the dents boss rush we'll have
power for us and dude if we can get the
virus lucky us why is this so big well
the speed downgrain is garbage but this
is big because we took the experimental
treatment and it gave us some positive
some negative but kind of simmering
under the surface we got that the chance
to get the spun transformation so the
fact that we picked up the virus puts us
a little closer to making that dream
come true you might be saying NL what
you doing buddy no curse rooms not yet I
just don't feel just don't feel
comfortable with the curse room value
proposition given our HP or lack thereof
you know so I'm hopeful we get a deal
with the angel and you know there there
are like three room or three item deal
with the Angels as of a couple booster
packs ago maybe even four item angel
deals you can only choose one but you
don't have to choose one when you got
void that's the that's
part of the magic of that item so we're
just gonna keep trucking along here
we've made up almost all the lost time
one more floor that goes in like roughly
this pace and we're good let's try it
what makes you larger thinking about 8:1
makes you smaller so fair trade would
have been really nice if he had poison
himself but we're gonna get through this
fight I think even faster than we got
through the last one despite not using
any bombs unless he summons little horn
which I always forget about although if
little horn would be so nice as to
injure his owner here or his ancestor I
don't know his older brother I would be
fine with that we killed little horn
accidentally which is good indication of
our strength here and dude we also
managed to get a black heart picked up
another tears upgrade I really should
not leave I want to but the item room is
still valuable and we're not far enough
behind schedule to make this like do or
die so we're probably at the tear cap
unless unless using the void and getting
it's your upgrade could actually give
you not just into your upgrade but also
like a tear delay like a producer I sort
of doubt that but I would love to see it
to prove me wrong here
acid baby is pretty good we don't love
our pill rotation so far and I got to
admit the temptation to suck up acid
babies is high especially given the fact
that if we get a speed upgrade we would
get we would consider that like a 10 out
of 10 right now so but the thing is
unless we get a battery charge here I
just don't think we're gonna be able to
so you know what acid baby you're pretty
lucky you have that battery charge in
the room but I don't think we can get to
it so welcome to the show
why was a Liberty Cap disregard I was
like my stats went down and that doesn't
feel right so we're still behind
schedule but I have high hopes that this
will change especially cuz next floor we
got that deal with the angel chance you
know it's it's not a great lottery
ticket but there's always a chance you
win the Powerball despite that and I'm
you know I would never encourage you to
buy lottery tickets but once you already
own the lottery ticket which is
essentially the situation that we're in
you'd be a fool not to at least check
the numbers that's my surprisingly apt
metaphor in my own head at least for
today let's continue moving I think we
are at the point where we want to just
make sure that we're going as fast as we
can you know if there's an Aaron's
consumable on the ground it worries me
not rangedown is in a similar boat I do
want to use a void to summon some flies
whenever we can mostly to atone for the
fact that I sucked up Guppies hairball
for almost no reason there we go
piercing shop plus an enormous speed up
and we got damage down but I'm pretty
sure that was just some Liberty Cap
runoff so this is now in like not quite
ten out of ten but like potential ten
out of ten territory like we're a
prospect with a with an a-minus ranking
in EA Sports NHL 18 right now
and a range down can't really do too
much to us I know by the way we can use
our we can use acid baby to poison
enemies across the scope of the whole
room adds a genuine positive to using
any pills god I hate these spiders since
when are you so tank I am an idiot but
we got a spirit art out of it anyway so
maybe you know who's the idiot it's
still me but less so we shouldn't even
be on this room to begin with this is
kind of the problem simply as a result
of the fact that the enemies are too
strong for me traveler they have too
much HP hit our item room we've ignored
our shop financially you know we have a
fiduciary responsibility to our run in
order to not miss merchants character in
yada yada yada what makes you large dude
if we can just keep trading one makes
you larger one makes you smaller pills
that's a that's free poison as far as
I'm concerned ooh la la
might as well okay we got 16 cents and
we probably should not go to the shop
simply because of it was our speed so
low now we didn't get a speed down - oh
I got it tears down - but everything's
coming up roses is it really just like a
bad safety or mushroom cap Liberty Kent
I think so I gotta ask why are you
messing with me right now like all we
need to do is have we already have the
run just stop giving me this garbage
that slows me down for no reason maybe
we were only at one point for speed
originally because of the we had a buff
safety cap at that moment do it rolling
turns out that's actually trash we might
not be able to make boss rush it's
getting it's getting mighty close here
shouldn't have taken that I thought
there was gonna be combat my mistake
okay big plays are in order right here
especially considering we got this great
deal chance we don't even need to use
our unlimited bombs here it's an easy
fight regardless we get meats suck it up
we got a tier upgrade probably shouldn't
have sucked it up maybe we can use the
HP but dude I can't believe we're we're
hidden like what's the opposite of
triple sevens on the slot machine
we're hidden like cherry plum orange on
these deals with the devil we got our
100% chance on this floor I never want
to see that unless we have goat head I
always want to see 33% chance cuz that
means we got to deal with the devil on
the last floor it is tempting like
Liberty cabs not doing a whole lot it's
not bad but take left hand instead
pretty fly lovely pale we're supposed to
be out of this floor if we want to make
it the boss rush within like the next
you know no time flat so it's clear
we're gonna be behind schedule there
we've got to start to think about
Gamble's here's a gamble let's go to our
shop and potentially by an emperor card
I know there's a spot here we can the
magic pengal it's kind of we get a
teleportation to a deal with the devil
which in hindsight is not that
irrelevant tears down you know would
also be great and this is like
everyone's gonna be like no kidding but
PhD guilt-free poison
you know what else would be great not
walking into every enemy that appears
this is kind of what we were looking for
though balls of steel pill how did we
not get hit being awesome you that
cursed room is like extraordinarily
tempting probably save the battery
charges in case we're trying to make a
big play instead of just summoning the
occasional fly here I'll lock up and
balls of steel so it you know it gets
better and this is where the game starts
to give you this luck just so that when
you don't make boss rush everyone goes
oh I mean it's your fault I mean look at
all the balls of steel pills you got
well it's you know forgive quoting the
Barenaked Ladies far from the height of
their career but it's a little too
little too late you know what I mean
like genuinely giving it the college try
here but gonna be about two minutes
behind schedule with maybe a minute to
make it the boss rush and this is
skipping item rooms but we're on this
run to make this happen so obviously
we're gonna give it a shot I can't
believe he survived the onslaught that
we provided he should be dead
it's a bit of a bold play there maybe
just a little bit less than two minutes
behind schedule
no Krampus I'm begging you torn photo
lovely item in many situations we got a
try I think copies tailed hilarious dude
let's do it I'm all-in
that was a terrible idea on my part we
probably doomed the run but the run is
probably semi doomed as is and I think
we're primed for some you know the high
tier Zain by the way I know what do you
do you got to get out of your boss rush
is coming no no I need to open these
because we need HP one of these got to
give me a spirit heart word in a
nightmare zone that's just horrible
thank God don't use that Phil it's not
worth it no I thought I was still
holding no I've squandered the gup-e
place well I would say like get rid of
the notion that we're ever gonna have a
chance to do boss rush on this run but
we can still live unless that also paid
out okay I mean we're like we're in
tight here emperor card please screw it
go for it Emperor card please
that Emperor cards guppy dreams we got
to check for God I know it seems like
it's idiotic
we had to at least look because if it
was a guppy item if it was nine lives
especially we just win we got to take
those low percentage plays in that
situation as stupid as it seems this is
an HP Apple promise I promise you this
is an HP upgrade told you
time is like sincerely very mean it's
it's out it's not running out or is it
or is it gets bloated
it is time ISM is up it's not of the
essence it's already been essence of the
Evan variety yeah there goes well dude
we can still make something happen here
but I left it all out on the field there
okay I wanted to go for the the big
plays
we ended up being 10 seconds too slow it
hurts me deep in my soul we're gonna try
to do the Scholl path I mean we got to
live so we got like bigger issues okay
don't don't hate me for this I gotta try
the gup-e dream
we have Guppies caller I have to try if
it kills us and that's the end of the
episode by God a try we got nothing to
lose that's like really a good cap off
for this run for this curse Sid run I
had to roll the dice never tell me the
odds etcetera etcetera for now thanks
for watching because enjoy the episode
of you take a look a like button upset a
great deal of course subscribe do you
want me to play more in the future I
think you're probably aware that I will
but for now thanks for watching and I'll
see you next time
[Music]